[OSL-3853] rewrite build deploy portal (#57)
ASFOpenSARlab/opensarlab-docs: dev-guides/portal/build_and_deploy_portal.md

# Build and Deploy: Portal

## Documentation Links

> - [Deployment](https://github.com/ASFOpenSARlab/opensciencelab-portal-v2/blob/main/README.md#deployments)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [How to deploy the portal](https://github.com/ASFOpenSARlab/opensciencelab-portal-v2/blob/main/README.md#deployments), from the OSL Portal GitHub repository
```
